README.md, before:

# [34D_Thermistor_test](https://github.com/nBlocksStudioApps/34D_Thermistor_test_FIRMWARE.git)

C++ project created automatically from the [34D_Thermistor_test schematic design](https://github.com/nBlocksStudioApps/34D_Thermistor_test_SCHEMATIC),
to test the new Node [Thermistor](https://github.com/nBlocksStudioNodes/nblocks_Thermistor)


## Schematic Design
<img
src="img/01.PNG"
width = 800
/>

## Output to terminal
<img
src="img/02.GIF"
height = 300
/>


## Output to terminal
Added OLED display and soldered a capacitor to stabilize the measurement

<img
src="img/07.GIF"
height = 300
/>
<img
src="img/06.GIF"
height = 300
/>

## Compilation
<img
src="img/03.PNG"
width = 400
/>

## Added Meter Node driving a moving-coil meter
The Meter Node is parameterized so 25'C is at the center.

<img
src="img/08.PNG"
width = 800
/>


## Schematic Design with added Meter
The moving-coil meter, has maximum input voltage `meterVmax=0.4V` and the `Vcc =3.3V` (the microcontroller supply voltage) since we don't use any driving transistor.

<img
src="img/09.PNG"
width = 800
/>

Commit message:

added MAX7219PSU 7seg-display

README.md, after:

# [34D_Thermistor_test](https://github.com/nBlocksStudioApps/34D_Thermistor_test_FIRMWARE.git)

C++ project created automatically from the [34D_Thermistor_test schematic design](https://github.com/nBlocksStudioApps/34D_Thermistor_test_SCHEMATIC),
to test the new Node [Thermistor](https://github.com/nBlocksStudioNodes/nblocks_Thermistor)


## Schematic Design
<img
src="img/01.PNG"
width = 800
/>

## Output to terminal
<img
src="img/02.GIF"
height = 300
/>


## Output to terminal
Added OLED display and soldered a capacitor to stabilize the measurement

<img
src="img/07.GIF"
height = 300
/>
<img
src="img/06.GIF"
height = 300
/>

## Compilation
<img
src="img/03.PNG"
width = 400
/>

## Added Meter Node driving a moving-coil meter
The [Meter](https://github.com/nBlocksStudioNodes/nblocks_meter) Node is parameterized so 25'C is at the center.

<img
src="img/08.PNG"
width = 800
/>


## Schematic Design with added Meter
The moving-coil meter, has maximum input voltage `meterVmax=0.4V` and the `Vcc =3.3V` (the microcontroller supply voltage) since we don't use any driving transistor.

<img
src="img/09.PNG"
width = 800
/>


## Schematic Design with added MAX7219PSU 
Added a MAX7219PSU Node and board to display the tepmerature with 7-segment Led display. [MAX7219PSU Node](https://github.com/nBlocksStudioNodes/nblocks_max7219psu) updated to work with `float` type input values


<img
src="img/11.PNG"
width = 800
/> 
 
----

Three types of Temperature display:
 * I2C OLED graphics display
 * Analog moving-coil meter (driven directly from a Microprocessor PIN)
 * SPI 7-Segment-Led Display

 <img
src="img/10.GIF"
height = 300
/>

----
